You wake up in a forest. You are in a splitway path, there are three diffenrent ways you can go. A sign with arrows pointing to each path says: "Deep forest", Out of Forest", "Mountain". Which way do you go? | You decide to go to the deep forest. While you walk you feel somebody watching you, but you don't know from where. After walking for about 2 hours you see a person. He ask you to get him some water, he hasen't gotten anything to drink in 3 days. You know you have a botle of sparkling water and one bottle of normal water. Do you give him water? | You decide to follow the sign that says mountain. You walk a good 15 minutes until the trees begin to fade in numbers. You come out to see this enormous(BIG) mountain, about 2 feet tall. What do you do? | You decide to walk out of the forest. It isn't a long way and you come across another split pathway. It splits in three, the sign tells you where the paths go to. Where do you go? | You hand him the sparkling water bottle. He thanks you and after his first taste of it he spits it out. He sreams "HOW DARE YOU GIVE ME THIS WITCHCRAFT, THIS ISN'T WATER NOW GO BEFORE I DECIDES TO DRINK YOUR BLOOD INSTEAD." 
You see he has a dry cookie, you take it and eat it. It's dry so you drink your normal water and walks away. | You decide it isn't too long to go around the mountain. After the journey around you come across a very friendly deer. You talk a bit about how life is, discuss if water or sparkling water is best. You here a sound in the bushes behind you. You turn around and see a hunter, he shoots his gun and all you see is now black. | You decide that you want to try how heavens feel. After you walk pass the sign your are suddenly in a bar, sitting at the disk. The guy in the bar ask you "The usual?" You reply with a nod. Not long after a glass of water slides from the side infront of you. It has ice cubes in it and looks delicious. You take a sip, it is normal water, nothing could be better. | You decide to go home to your bedroom. After you pass the sign the ground under you disapears and you fall quickly. Sudenly you lie in your bed. The only thing you can think of is wanting to see the word Bungus. | You decide to go towards hell. After passing the sign a sudden rainstorm appears. The raindrops are all sparkling water. It rains so much that you are now in an ocean of sparkling water. You can't resist the water and gets some of it in your mouth. You want to die, but because you are in hell, you are already dead. | You decide to try your jumping skills. You were a high jumper in the past and want to test if you can still jump. You jump almost enough to jump over the mountain, but stumble over it and fall to your death. | After about 1 steps up the mountain, you are all the way at the top. You have a nice view over the tress that are still taller than you. This is the most beautiful nature has ever looked. You decide to live in the mountain till the day you die. | You do not want to give him your precious water. You walk past him. You see this sudden bright light. God shows himself before you and speaks, "You have not been a good boy, I will take your normal water bottle and sent you to a place where there is only sparkling water." You regret your decision in not giving the man some of your water, and is now stuck in hell. | You hand him the water bottle. He thanks you and chucks it. After he has drunk it all he lets out a sigh. He thanks you again and gives you a dry cookie. You eat the dry cookie and drink your sparkling water. The water feels wrong.